Library naming conventions (#2358)
wxWidgets/wxWidgets: docs/contributing/about-platform-toolkit-and-library-names.md

contain the full version (major, minor, release).
On UNIX, the `$so_version` contains the release number.

Eg. for wxWidgets 3.1.5, `$version` is `315` for Windows shared libraries,
`31` for Windows static libraries, and `3.1` for UNIX libraries. And the
`$so_version` for UNIX libraries is `.5` and `.5.0.0`.

The rationale for this is that under UNIX-like systems it is desirable
that differently 'minor numbered' releases can be installed together,
meaning your old 2.2 apps can continue to work even if you migrate
development to the next stable or unstable release (eg. 2.3, 2.4),
but binary compatibility is maintained between point releases (those
with the same major.minor number).

A known break in binary compatibility should be addressed by updating
the library soname (see the notes in configure.in for details on this).

--------------------------------------------------------------------

`$unicode` is set to `'u'` when Unicode is enabled (default on), and is empty
when disabled. In the `setup.h` and `wx-config` names, the full `'unicode'`
name is used.

--------------------------------------------------------------------

> `$debug` is set to `'d'` for debug libraries and is empty for release libraries.
> It is only used in libraries created with MSVC and gcc/vc makefile. On UNIX,
> it is always empty.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`$debug` is set to `'d'` for the libraries using debug version of CRT and is empty
for release libraries. It is only really useful for the libraries created with MSVC
projects and makefiles, as MSVC debug and release CRT are not ABI-compatible,
but is also used by `makefile.gcc` under MSW for consistency with `makefile.vc`. 
When using configure under MSW or UNIX, it is always empty.
```

set of cross platform build tools on a single machine and to provide an
obvious slot for new ports to slip into.

The libraries use the following naming convention.
When an item of the name is empty, `'_'` or `'-'` are omitted.

*UNIX libraries* (using configure):

    libwx_$(toolkit)$(widgetset)$(unicode)_$(flavour)_$(name)-$(version)-$(host).$(lib_extension)

> *Windows libraries* (using VS solution or makefile.gcc/vc):

Reviewer 2: Perhaps mention that it applies also for CMake when the generator is any of the Visual Studio or NMake and MinGW Makefiles?

Author: Good point. I forgot to mention CMake in this document.
